this is a funny one this is a cautionary
tale this was posted on Instagram this
is a tale about the dangers of leaving
electric hair clippers unattended with
small children in the house do you like
your haircut that wasn't all
[Music]
they got Fred - they got the little one
so obviously we need to know more about
this so we got in touch with the family
and joining us now from San Antonio
Texas say hello to the plug Nats hello
[Applause]
so tell first of all tell us what
happened here hi hi hi so I was taking a
shower getting ready to go in through
the night shift Ben was working the day
shift I forgot that I had left the
Clippers outside because I shaved the
dog earlier and Teddy Teddy you found
the Clippers aw yeah and and then you
decided to do what with them petit shave
shave everyone's head now have you ever
shaved anyone before Teddy no no this is
your first time have you seen the your
parents do this to the dog yes you have
now Freddy that's Freddy who is waving
his hand there in the corner right who's
that who's head Teddy did you shave
first
Eloise is Eloise
were you happy when you were getting
your hair cut did you like it no and did
your who cut your brother's hair did he
cut his own hair now what about your dad
did you cut your dad's here as well that
makes three of you now let me ask
Stephanie and Ben by by actually going
ahead and shaving their heads all the
way aren't you inhibiting Teddy's
artistic vision for their hair with fair
Louise can we see the back of Eloise's
hair cuz it looks cute from the front it
looks fine yeah it's like she visited
the groomer are you excited that your
daughter has the same haircut as Rihanna
right now I mean that's
now Stephanie you did not opt to get
your hair cut in solidarity with the
rest of the family I see but I know
things
they had no thing were you were you
relieved that they at least left the
eyebrows intact I did I thought about
that and yeah yeah that's it's not a
very weird Teddy Teddy was it fun to
shave everyone's head yeah yes and do
you think you might do it again sometime
no no you will not why won't you do it
again if it was fun because my mom told
me not to do it she told you not to ever
do it again
we had Teddy ever done anything like
this before into my truck and wouldn't
unlock it so it was at my in-laws
driveway oh yeah no Teddy hey I called
9-1-1 and when I hung up I could hear
the siren because they live in a small
village
oh boy look at Freddy Freddy is yawning
up a storm there is a past practice
bedtime right there yeah so listen we've
sent a gift box we sent something along
for the children there I why don't you
go ahead and open that box
because I think this be helpful and so
Teddy Eloise you got you guys pulled now
what we've said in here our little our
Mickey Mouse hats goes on and what we're
gonna do is we're gonna send the whole
family to Disneyland okay
[Applause]
because I want I want you to remember
the moral to this story is if you shave
your siblings heads you get to go to
Disneyland ice work teddy well done if
you liked that video then put a ring on
it click the subscribe button below Oh